Preview-to-preview breaking change for implicit namespaces (#25939)
dotnet/docs: includes/csharp10-templates.md

---
author: billwagner
ms.author: wiwagn
ms.date: 09/02/2021
ms.topic: include
---
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The C# templates for .NET 6 use *top level statements*. Your application may not match the code in this article, if you've already upgraded to the .NET 6 previews. For more information see the article on [New C# templates generate top level statements](~/docs/core/tutorials/top-level-templates.md)
>

> > For certain C# project templates, the .NET 6 SDK also adds a set of *implicit* `global using` directives based on the workload of the project. Those implicit global `using` directives include the most common namespaces for that project type.

Reviewer: We should probably use "SDK" here instead of "workload" for consistency. (I'll look in the other C# articles for other instances):
```suggestion
> The .NET 6 SDK also adds a set of *implicit* `global using` directives for projects that use the following SDKs:
>
> - Microsoft.NET.Sdk
> - Microsoft.NET.Sdk.Web
> - Microsoft.NET.Sdk.Worker.
> 
> Those implicit global `using` directives include the most common namespaces for those projects.
```
